Large Language Models in Natural Language Processing
Applications of Reinforcement Learning in Robotics
Ethics of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Transformer models for text generation
Survey of convolutional neural networks in image recognition
Explainability and interpretability in machine learning models
Neural networks for financial forecasting
Comparison between supervised and unsupervised learning methods
Recent advances in generative adversarial networks (GANs)
Big data analytics in healthcare systems
Chuike Sun, Junzhou Chen, Yue Zhao, Hao Han, Ruihai Jing, Guang Tan, and Di Wu
Franz Louis Cesista, Rui Aguiar, Jason Kim, Paolo Acilo
Nadezhda Chirkova David Rau Hervé Déjean
Xiaohua Wang, Zhenghua Wang, Xuan Gao, Feiran Zhang,
Holly Wilson1, Scott Wellington1, Foteini Simistira Liwicki2, Vibha Gupta2, Rajkumar Saini2,
Jia Fu1,2*, Xiaoting Qin3, Fangkai Yang3, Lu Wang3, Jue Zhang3†, Qingwei Lin3,
Yuying Li1, Gaoyang Liu2,*, Chen Wang2, Yang Yang1,
♠Ziyan Jiang, ♠Xueguang Ma, ♠Wenhu Chen,
Yige Shen Hao Jiang  Hua Qu Jihong Zhao
Luca Arnaboldi and Charles Morisset
Denial of service attacks are especially pertinent to the internet of things as devices have less computing power, memory and security mechanisms to defend against them.
Using the developed analysis, the effectiveness of three different scheduling policies, i.e., random scheduling (RS), round robin (RR), and proportional fair (PF), are compared in terms of FL convergence rate.
Secure federated learning is a privacy-preserving framework to improve machine learning models by training over large volumes of data collected by mobile users.
Backdooring requires full access to the training data and control of the training process. 
This paper presents results of Document Visual Question Answering Challenge organized as part of Text and Documents in the Deep Learning Era workshop, in CVPR 2020.
The results show that models trained using FL perform 6.3% on average better than their counterparts trained on an institutes local data alone.
Tables are information-rich structured objects in document images. While signi cant work has been done in localizing tables as graphic objects in document images, only limited attempts exist on table structure recognition. 
A RNN is split into sub-networks, and each sub-network is trained on one client containing single segments of multiple-segment training sequences.
We consider a service cost minimization problem for resource-constrained small-cell networks with caching, where the challenge mainly stems from (i) the insufficient backhaul capacity and limited network bandwidth and (ii) the limited storing capacity of small-cell base stations (SBSs).
Deep visual features extracted by vision models, such as Faster R-CNN, are prevailing used in multiple tasks, and especially in visual question answering (VQA).